Dev doc review (#880)
openforcefield/openff-toolkit: docs/developing.md

    - `to_dict`: converts the ParameterHandler to a hierarchical dict compliant with the SMIRNOFF specification.
      The default implementation of this function should suffice for most developers.
    - `check_handler_compatibility`: Checks whether this ParameterHandler is "compatible" with another.
      This function is used when a ForceField is attempted to be constructed from *multiple* SMIRNOFF data sources, and it is necessary to check that two sections with the same tagname can be combined in a sane way.
      For example, if the user instructed two `vdW` sections to be read, but the sections defined different vdW potentials, then this function should raise an Exception indicating that there is no safe way to combine the parameters.
      The default implementation of this function should suffice for most developers.
    - `postprocess_system`: operates identically to `create_force`, but is run after each ParameterHandlers' `create_force` has already been called.
      The default implementation of this method simply does nothing, and should suffice for most developers.

[`ParameterAttribute`](openff.toolkit.typing.engines.smirnoff.parameters.ParameterAttribute)

> : A single parameter value with units and runtime validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A single value with runtime validation. This validation is highly customizable, and may do things like allowing only certain values for a string or enforcing the correct units or dimensionality on the value (validation can be defined using arbitrary code)
```

Author: Incorporated these suggestions in dbcc59a

> [`IndexedParameterAttribute`](openff.toolkit.typing.engines.smirnoff.parameters.IndexedParameterAttribute)
> : A variable number of parameter values with units and runtime validation.
> For example, dihedral torsions are often parameterized as the sum of several sine wave terms.
> Each of the parameters of the sine wave `k`, `periodicity`, and `phase` are implemented as `IndexedParameterAttribute`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`IndexedParameterAttribute`](openff.toolkit.typing.engines.smirnoff.parameters.IndexedParameterAttribute)
: A ParameterAttribute that may appear with multiple integer values. The exact name of an IndexedParameterAttribute is NOT expected to appear verbatim in a OFFXML file, but instead should appear with a numerical integer suffix (for example the IndexedParameterAttribute `k` should only appear as, `k1`, `k2`... in an OFFXML). The current implementation requires this indexing to start at 1 and subsequent values be contiguous (no skipping numbers), but does not enforce an upper limit on the integer. 

Old version:
A variable number of parameter values with units and runtime validation.
For example, dihedral torsions are often parameterized as the sum of several sine wave terms.
Each of the parameters of the sine wave `k`, `periodicity`, and `phase` are implemented as `IndexedParameterAttribute`s.
```

Author: Incorporated these suggestions in dbcc59a

> [`ParameterType`](openff.toolkit.typing.engines.smirnoff.parameters.ParameterType)
> : A base class for the parameters of a `ParameterHandler`.
>   Extend this alongside `ParameterHandler` to define and validate the parameters of a new force.
>   For example, the Lennard-Jones potential can be parameterized through either the length `ParameterAttribute` `sigma` or `r_min`, alongside the energy `ParameterAttribute` `epsilon`. Both options are handled through the [`vdWType`](openff.toolkit.typing.engines.smirnoff.parameters.vdWHandler.vdWType) class, a subclass of `ParameterType`.
>   This is distinct from the [`vdWHandler`](openff.toolkit.typing.engines.smirnoff.parameters.vdWHandler) class, which includes other `ParameterAttribute`s that apply to all atoms in the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`ParameterType`](openff.toolkit.typing.engines.smirnoff.parameters.ParameterType)
: A base class for the SMIRKS-based parameters of a `ParameterHandler`.
  Extend this alongside `ParameterHandler` to define and validate the SMIRKS-based (/ForceField) parameters of a new force.
  This is analagous to ParmEd's XType classes, like [BondType](https://parmed.github.io/ParmEd/html/api/parmed/parmed.html?highlight=bondtype#parmed.BondType). 
  
  For example, the Lennard-Jones potential can be parameterized through either the size `ParameterAttribute` `sigma` or `r_min`, alongside the energy `ParameterAttribute` `epsilon`. Both options are handled through the [`vdWType`](openff.toolkit.typing.engines.smirnoff.parameters.vdWHandler.vdWType) class, a subclass of `ParameterType`.
  
  
  
  ~This is distinct from the [`vdWHandler`](openff.toolkit.typing.engines.smirnoff.parameters.vdWHandler) class, which includes other `ParameterAttribute`s that apply to all atoms in the system.~ Somewhere we should make the statement that BOTH ParameterTypes AND ParameterHandlers should be defining ParameterAttributes
```

Author: Incorporated these suggestions in dbcc59a

```xml
<SMIRNOFF version="0.3" aromaticity_model="OEAroModel_MDL">
  ...
</SMIRNOFF>
```

"Member" is used here to describe Python attributes.
This terminology is borrowed for the sake of clarity in this section from languages like C++ and Java.

### [`ParameterAttribute`](openff.toolkit.typing.engines.smirnoff.parameters.ParameterAttribute)
A single value that can be validated at runtime.

`ParameterAttribute`s can be instantiated as Python class or instance members to define the kinds of value that a particular parameter can take.
They are used in both `ParameterHandler`s and `ParameterType`s.
The sorts of values a ParameterAttribute can take on are restricted by runtime validation.
This validation is highly customizable, and may do things like allowing only certain values for a string or enforcing the correct units or array dimensions on the value; in fact, the validation can be defined using arbitrary code.
The name of a ParameterAttribute should correspond exactly to the corresponding attribute in an OFFXML file.

#### [`IndexedParameterAttribute`](openff.toolkit.typing.engines.smirnoff.parameters.IndexedParameterAttribute)

> A ParameterAttribute with a sequence of values, rather than just one. Each value in the sequence is indexed by an integer.

Reviewer: I forgot that I could click on these and go to a fuller description in the API docs. Maybe let's also put an inline link to the API docs, so this reads "An `IndexedParameterAttribute`(link) is a ParameterAttribute..."

Author: Fixed in 64c283d
